Support AISE (#49)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai: CHANGELOG.md

### Summary

* Enable AISE: Adaptive Input Sampling for Explanation of Black-box Models.

### What's Changed

> * Enable AISE: Adaptive Input Sampling for Explanation of Black-box Models by @negvet in https://github.com/intel-sandbox/openvino_xai/pull/49

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enable AISE: Adaptive Input Sampling for Explanation of Black-box Models by @negvet in https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai/pull/49
```
